## As the operator of record of wells in New Mexico, EOG RESOURCES INC agrees to the following statements:

1. Initials I am responsible for ensuring that the wells and related facilities comply with applicable statutes and rules, and am responsible for all regulatory filings with the OCD. I am responsible for knowing all applicable statutes and rules, not just the rules referenced in this list. I understand that the OCD's rules are available on the OCD website under "Rules," and that the Water Quality Control Commission rules are available on the OCD website on the "Publications" page.

2. Initials  $ \overline{a} $ understand that if I acquire wells from another operator, the OCD must approve the operator change before I begin operating those wells. See Subsection B of 19.15.9.9 NMAC. I understand that if I acquire wells or facilities subject to a compliance order addressing inactive wells or environmental cleanup, before the OCD will approve the operator change it may require me to enter into an enforceable agreement to return those wells to compliance. See Paragraph (2) of Subsection C of 19.15.9.9 NMAC.

3. Initials I must file a monthly C-115 report showing production for each non-plugged well completion for which the OCD has approved an allowable and authorization to transport, and injection for each injection well. See 19.15.7.24 NMAC. I understand that the OCD may cancel my authority to transport from or inject into all the wells I operate if I fail to file C-115 reports. See Subsection C of 19.15.7.24 NMAC.

4. Initials Q2 I understand that New Mexico requires wells that have been inactive for certain time periods to be plugged or placed in approved temporary abandonment. See 19.15.25.8 NMAC. I understand the requirements for plugging and approved temporary abandonment in 19.15.25 NMAC. I understand that I can check my compliance with the basic requirements of 19.15.25.8 NMAC by using the "Inactive Well List" on OCD's website.

5. Initials I must keep current with financial assurances for well plugging. I understand that New Mexico requires each state or fee well that has been inactive for more than two years and has not been plugged and released to be covered by a single-well financial assurance or a "blanket plugging financial assurance for wells in temporarily abandoned statues", even if the well is also covered by a blanket financial assurance and even if the well is on approved temporary abandonment status. See Subsection C of 19.15.8.9 NMAC. I understand that I can check my compliance with the financial assurance requirement by using the "Inactive Well Additional Financial Assurance Report" on the OCD's website.

6. Initials I am responsible for reporting and remediating releases pursuant to 19.15.29 NMAC. I understand the OCD will look to me as the operator of record to take corrective action for releases at my wells and related facilities, including releases that occurred before I became operator of record. I am responsible for conducting my own due diligence for any releases that have occurred prior to becoming operator of my wells and related facilities and am responsible for any open releases of unreported releases.

7. Initials I have read 19.15.5.9 NMAC, commonly known as "Part 5.9," and understand that to be in compliance with its requirements I must have the appropriate financial assurances in place, comply with orders requiring corrective action, pay penalties assessed by the courts or agreed to by me in a settlement agreement, and not have too many wells out of compliance with the inactive well rule (19.15.25.8 NMAC). If I am in violation of Part 5.9, I may not be allowed to drill, acquire or produce any additional wells, and will not be able to obtain any new injection permits. See 19.15.18.19 NMAC, 19.15.26.8 NMAC, 19.15.9.9 NMAC and 19.15.14.10 NMAC. If I am in violation of Part 5.9 the OCD may, after notice and hearing, revoke my existing injection permits and seek other relief. See 19.15.26.8 NMAC and 19.15.5.10 NMAC.

8. Initials For injection wells, I understand that I must report injection on my monthly C-115 report and must operate my wells in compliance with 19.15.26 NMAC and the terms of my injection permit. I understand that I must conduct mechanical integrity tests on my injection wells at least once every five years. See 19.15.26.11 NMAC, I understand that when there is a continuous one-year period of non-injection into all wells in an injection or storage project or into a saltwater disposal well or special purpose injection well, authority for that injection automatically terminates. See 19.15.26.12 NMAC, I understand that if I transfer operation of an injection well to another operator, the OCD must approve the transfer of authority to inject, and the OCD may require me to demonstrate the well's mechanical integrity prior to approving that transfer. See 19.15.26.15 NMAC.

9. Initials I am responsible for providing the OCD with my current address of record and emergency contact information, and I am responsible for updating that information when it changes. See Subsection C of 19.15.9.8 NMAC. I understand that I can update that information on the OCD's website under "Electronic Permitting."

10. Initials @ If I transfer well operations to another operator, the OCD must approve the change before the new operator can begin operations. See Subsection B of 19.15.9.9 NMAC. I remain responsible for the wells and related facilities and all related regulatory filings until the OCD approves the operator change. I understand that the transfer will not relieve me of responsibility or liability for any act or omission which occurred while I operated the wells and related facilities.

11. Initials No person with an interest exceeding 25% in the undersigned company is, or was within the last 5 years, an officer, director, partner or person with a 25% or greater interest in another entity that is not currently in compliance with Subsection A of 19.15.5.9 NMAC.

12. Initials NMOCD Rule Subsection E and F of 19.15.16.8 NMAC: An operator shall have 90 days from the effective date of an operator name change to change the operator name on the well sign unless the division grants an extension time, for good cause shown, along with a schedule for making the changes. Each sign shall show the (1) well number, (2) property name, (3) operator's name, (4) location by footage, quarter-quarter section, township and range (or unit letter can be substituted for the quarter-quarter section), and (5) API number.